1. First:

### start the json server: json-server --watch datamodel.json --port 3004

2. Then start the app: npm run dev

"Generally, the craft of programming is the factoring of a set of requirements
into a set of functions and data structures."

    - Douglas Crockford

Scenario: In the development of the application, I start from a fictitious
veterinarian who I ask about his goals and wishes. In a real scenario, the next
step would then be to evaluate the assumptions made with real users and adapt
them to the responses.

Who is the user? Veterinarian - science education, intermediate technical
understanding.

What is the user's problem? The previous applications are too complex and time
consuming for the veterinarian, he is looking for a simple application in which
he can easily overview and manage his practices and the animals to be treated.

What is the goal of the application? The rough core of the application is the
archiving, documentation and display of practice and patient data.

What does the user expect from the application?

- Time saving
- Avoidance of analog systems like paper and folders
- Access to stored data remotely and via different end devices

Conclusion: Although the user has a scientific background and a medium level of
understanding, he does not have the time to familiarize himself with complex
software during his work. The user needs only a few functions and these must be
self-explanatory and easy to use through the interface.

The veterinarian himself explains his motivation as follows: "As a veterinarian,
I want to manage my different practices and patients quickly and easily, the
less time I need for documentation the more time I have and I finally take care
of the health of the animals."

Goals for developing the application:

Thus, the goal in developing the application is to be limited to the main
functions mentioned above. The application should in no way distract the
veterinarian from his primary goal of animal welfare. Rather, the application
should integrate itself into his process, almost unnoticed.

This means that the interface should be minimalistic and functional, no wild
animations, flashing images, bright colors or attention-grabbing text.

What does the user not need?

The veterinarian already has a calendar system through which his employees
manage their appointments. Communication with the customer takes place by
phone/letter or e-mail.

What products are already available in this area? https://www.vet40.de/
https://petleo.net/fuer-praxen-und-kliniken/

NAME OF THE APP: VETERINARIA, veterinarius
